README.md, before:

# Flask Portfolio Website

This is a portfolio website made with Flask and Bootstrap.

##- [Check Out My Current Site!](https://kaleblub.github.io/)

![Screenshot](./src/assets/img/)

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](./src/assets/img/)

## Task List

### 1. Home Page 
- Plan my summary message at the home page
- Decide if I want the about page to be right at the start.
- Fix the button style that is on the home page

### 2. About
- Build out an about page

### 3. Blog
- Design the layout of my blog main page and each individual blog post

### 4. Projects
- Get pictures for each of the project thumbnails
- Make the card background color for each project a lighter gray than the second bg color
- Figure out a database query filter system to get each project ordered by language.
- Type out a project summary for each project
- Type out the Project page summary

### 5. Authorization
- Build html file for login
- Build html file for signup
- Build html file for forgotten password

### 6. Database
- Figure out how to handle likes on my posts
- Figure out how to handle comments on my posts
- Figure out how to get MDX files to work with flask, being served from my database.

### 6. Overall Design
- Fix issue with the Footer not sticking to the bottom of the page
- Fix/Design the logo that I want on the navbar
- Make a complete black background with a lighter background for each part of the body. eg Navbar/Header, Main, Footer

Commit message:

Fixed the sticky footer issue, working on a static build of this website to deploy soon, then I will work on the dynamic version with the backend.

README.md, after:

# Flask Portfolio Website

This is a portfolio website made with Flask and Bootstrap.

##- [Check Out My Current Site!](https://kaleblub.github.io/)

![Screenshot](./src/assets/img/)

## Screenshot

![Screenshot](./src/assets/img/)

## Task List

### 1. Home Page 
- Plan my summary message at the home page
- Decide if I want the about page to be right at the start.
- Fix the button style that is on the home page

### 2. About
- Build out an about page

### 3. Blog
- Design the layout of my blog main page and each individual blog post

### 4. Projects
- Get pictures for each of the project thumbnails
- Make the card background color for each project a lighter gray than the second bg color
- Figure out a database query filter system to get each project ordered by language.
- Type out a project summary for each project
- Type out the Project page summary

### 5. Authorization
- Build html file for login
- Build html file for signup
- Build html file for forgotten password

### 6. Database
- Figure out how to handle likes on posts and on comments of posts
- Figure out how to handle comments on my posts
- Figure out how to get MDX files to work with flask, being served from my database.
- When like is clicked, add the like to the database with the according post or comment
- Create the table model for handling likes with user, comment or post it is related to

### 6. Overall Design
- Fix issue with the Footer not sticking to the bottom of the page
- Fix/Design the logo that I want on the navbar
- Make a complete black background with a lighter background for each part of the body. eg Navbar/Header, Main, Footer
